on Twitter the same in your life but
on YouTube on YouTube it's a [ __ ]
Well now I'm going to be clear this
live I'm going to have to put another
title and another and another thumbnail but we
were talking about the PC we
were talking about the PC here me
saying Look I'm going to show off
with my huge PC but I don't know why it went
over your face because come on
then I we have a lot of
things or anything like that or whatever but
come on what I was telling you the PC
good success
you don't talk about components because I
have no idea about components
a youtuber called toro
tocho
assembled it he did it himself of
course he uploaded he uploaded a video
assembling the PC and it's good let's say I
told him to make me power so I could
play because the PC I was
already thinking of retiring it when I moved
here but I had to buy it Before
before the move because the apartment was
delayed the house the house was delayed like
four or five months and they invited me to
London Oh of course and then for London they
gave me the I had to buy the PC
in a hurry Daniela Thank you very much for
London  I bought the PC and I bought the PC
the microphone, so there is power here
in the PC it has been little by little but there
is power there little by little it has been
improving but as I tell you the important thing
is the tower
[Music]
Look listen to me,
six or seven thousand people with the
squid games and with the London too
and what happens is that they tripped me
up and to screw me and they took me off
but I wasn't on Twitch at noon
with 1200 viewers
[Music]
Sure sure too
Well now I'm going to the squid in theory I
don't know anyone crazy
the other day I was really looking forward to these
people I mean, revelation streamer, the
thing about the links, it has been a
[ __ ] cheek
perfectly if he wants to do
news coverage and put in
gossip channels you are the most relevant of all
Sorry you know everyone knows
that he is throwing something at me
well let's see the uterus is criticized no I don't know
if it would be news coverage but yes
because every day náuter also what he
is doing It is not news as such
but  every day gives you all the latest news
about everything that's happened in the world you
may have more or less numbers but
everyone knows you
apart from me
without asking
No the truth I mean it's not me throwing
flowers at myself but the truth is that it is like that
and apart from that it's without asking for the votes
because I only made a video
saying here is this is the link
vote for whoever you want if you don't vote for
me vote for the south okay I said and without asking that
I was within the votes
or I mean I was within by vote I
think that this is going beyond no I
suppose that we are going with aggressor and that is why
obviously if he has tried to take down
the channel even with strike It is evident
many times when
[Music]
well what Ibai did was not an interview
as such it was a chat
[Music]
Yes yes yes also very pretty and also very
handsome because that video is very handsome he is very
handsome they are
very handsome
being in the squid thing is very big
also very complicated
let's say this year I am not Confirmed eh
yet yesterday comantel asked me for the
form but let's understand that if I
am because I was the year  past understands me
from the outside as a spectator or rather
myself that I have my sister
or rather that is [ __ ] crazy and that is why I
tell you when you bought the tracksuit
there I have it I have to wear it
again this year the only thing I hope is that it does
n't coincide with
anyone's operation man Because I have been asking them for
a month do you know the date No we still don't
have a date it's that it doesn't have the
exact date And since it coincides with the
exact date man I'm going to have to miss them
man But how long does the operation last
the operation I think in a couple of
days Yes I can put it here
no no no it's rhinoplasty it's the turbinates
the septums yes yes they are going to
affect me a little bit on the outside the aesthetics
like they are going to put the perfect one on me
because I have it a little crooked here over
here and they are going to put it on me perfectly
since we are involved but it is not as
such rhinoplasty it has another name but I do
n't know what it is but it is very mild he
told me that they are not even going to
plug it on the inside or anything so he
also told me that in five in five
days a week
I have I'm already more or less fine we will have mice and I will have a little swelling and such But it's not like a rhinoplasty that is a month like that you know so so man that I get days before or after the operation that it is in February quietly Hopefully
next week I'm going to
Barcelona they won't put a margin of time
no I think the logic let's see
look at the calendar
I I
think the logic
I think the logic would be if they are
this week sending the form I
understand that next week no that it is
very rushed it suits me because
next week I have to be
in Barcelona for two days and
the next one it will be
and so they do not coincide because they
cannot coincide with the link neither
the Air lands are on the 29th
which is the weekend that I had the operation
So the logical thing is that it is in the
week of the 16th 17th 18th 19th 20th 21st That is the
logic and also I think it will be that
because they are not going to put it right the
same week as the slam but days before
because  It's like crazy No, because to
travel he's been to travel to Mexico he
has to cross the puddle, damn it's a 12-
hour flight, you know. So I
understand that I understand that it will be before
my nose job, but listen to me,
one thing, and in the end,
to Mexico,
Cel and the others, I don't remember, General
Romero, no, who will surely win.
[Music]
In February Put me in, in case it's in February, it
has to be like the second week
because the first one will catch them
coming. They haven't confirmed that it will be in
February.
Tamayo could be Tamayo, it could be that he
also entered.
Hey, how big is he? Doesn't he do
news coverage in the live shows?
[Music]
Those are on recorded video and it's supposed to be
the rules, it's supposed to be because they also
included the White Project, which is not
live either,
of course, it was supposed to be contained in String. Of course, they shouldn't have put that rule in. I think that they put that rule in to filter someone they didn't want in some because in some category someone would appear that they don't like or whatever. [Music] [Music] Ironically  but you really know what I'm
telling you look there in that in those
groups
removing a few and you know that
when I tell you for something there there in
those groups among them many cannot
see each other but that they cannot see each other
but at a level at a level of personal things
that they have had
very serious personal problems between them and they cannot
see each other and then I see them playing
in their series and one inviting the other in
their series and they cannot see each other very few
are the ones who have balls Vegeta Nexus
Willy of course
Rubius And the thing is that I notice it from miles away that not
specifically,
specifically, almost none of them swallow it and
then they invite them to things
[Music]
that you have not seen that you have not seen I
learned this with the Wow issue and
these fights that we have had, if
you realize for a time now it
seems that it is a bit irrelevant because
people already sweat no but if you
realize in fact in three salseo I do not
mention these topics and I stopped mentioning
these topics and I began to grow because the
audience does not want fights between
youtuber wants that  you talk to him I mean you
can make seven videos about Maria
Patiño but don't make one about Juan
you remember that
Of course because the audience wants it doesn't
want the fights and so I
imagine that with these people the shots
were there that even if they can't
see each other at a business level well that
's what they do you know
[Music]
all this is when they go to the evening they
take pictures it's also complicated there
are
150 youtubers the classroom getting along
was impossible man let's
see things I personally do
n't know if I don't want to talk because it
could catch me I could get caught out you
know but I don't know if I would invite a
guy I can't see to an event I don't have
the need no but I'll tell you
one thing
I have something at a business level
tomorrow television tells you
and you have to bring here the
most attractive heart youtubers because we have to
be the most attractive program
because in the end you have to swallow because
this afternoon
look how you look at you who asks you who
asks you to do a program and you
take him to wow I mean I don't think that  I left his
phone he
dropped his pants with eBay and you crash
and grefg in the squid games. It's
that with eBay I've never had any bad
vibes I mean I was going to go the only thing that
criticizes him a lot is the nice-guy attitude
but I've never had a bad vibe I
mean one thing a
lot of things that I don't that I don't
agree with but now you have not
done anything to me and in fact the times that I have
spoken to him which have been four or
five times that we have spoken he
has been great and besides he has always been I think he has
always been the at least the
last time he has always been the one that has
spoken to me because he spoke to me to ask me
something about a program of a live show
that I did about how it was done I don't know what
then he spoke to me again when this
live show that we mentioned before
then he spoke to me again too because they
took down a video of me I put it on Twitter
and he spoke to me to clarify that he hadn't
been and we were talking by
audio and then recently I spoke to him to
see if he was going to come to an event because I
say if you go I'll see you and you know I'll pretend to be on the
microphone And such and I'll get you there one  you
know like what he was doing with
the famous people too, being interested but he
told me he wasn't coming and such and he's always
treated me well, I mean, for example, I've
criticized things that I don't agree
with him with, for example, the things he did
against Dallas in the past, which is
true that there were many and such. No, but it
's not my issue either, it's a matter of the
condalas and they will know what he's up to,
I comment. Hey, here it seems to me that it
was good, here it seems to me that it was
bad here, such and such, here what was a good one, you stay,
the mob joins in or whatever,
but I don't have anything with him, in
fact, the times that we've spoken to me,
never again, look, he could have
treated me like Greg, for example, that
gres, for example, has always been like, damn, he's
tried to, you know, and now
then eBay, for example, who has also
seen that I've made videos of him and I've
criticized him, he knows that it's a job and
that this is the internet, that it's not serious, he
understands what I mean, it's not usually personal and
whenever we've crossed paths in the
squid game, he also spoke to me,
Javi, son of a [ __ ], haven't they killed you yet?  I do
n't know two or three times I think
one I spoke to him and another time he and he clashed
he came to me like he was trying to brag and I because the
first thing you have to do when you
're in a series that isn't yours is
not to create a mess or toxicity
So I kind of knew that they were going to
joke around I could have cut him off
but I didn't want to do it because it was going to
leave him in trouble no that it wasn't his series And
he did it to me
and then Greg came to talk to me and I said
what did you want to
strike me out and he said no now that just puts itself what
we are what I was saying no
[ __ ] man I'm going to see but I don't know what
an idiot says here you didn't take your
pants off what with answering him
when they spoke to
me as a spectator he did something
that to me the other day with the parents I
found disgusting Yes
with the parents from experience I can
tell you for me what has been Crowned
is now with the issue of the flirting that has been
done in the enlam Of course but at
that moment look at you like  I teased him that he
had given me a strike
[Music] I'll
throw something at him I'll throw something at him
[Music]
and we had a great time and we had a great time it
was very pretty
[Music]
man with the channels and such you have no life
but and you realize that I realize
that they
banned me they
don't ban me here with everything I do and they
banned me Precisely in
Squid Games with 7000 viewers
what a coincidence eh let's see This
time what happens
[Music] it would
n't be bad for me to start the year with
100,000
turkeys well 50,000 for the Treasury not
to rehearse and warm up damn Yeah but they
have to confirm it because I don't know
why they haven't told me that I'm in
Eh he told me
and yesterday I don't know if it was yesterday yesterday or the day before
yesterday I think it was yesterday yesterday he spoke to me with
Mancha and he said Javi fill this out but I do
n't know if that means that I'm
in I don't imagine so let's see I
understand that yes
Comanche  Rubius and Auron okay okay he
sent me a song and he said Tomas Javi
fill this out
man I hope so No I've
never done anything that I know of
[Music]
no Rubius also spoke to me I mean
in fact I wasn't looking for a
house to bake like Oh I'm going to
talk to this one I'm going to talk to the other one
me the one who was talking to me well I was talking to him I
mean the blond one also spoke to me the blond one and he
said Javi Don't push me I don't
remember about the doll do you remember
Javi Don't push me eh I mean but
most of them came to talk to me because I did
n't want to be left here like I was one of the
youngest who came no no
forcing the role like doing the south for
example
no no he played no no I'm sure that
this year he'll be trying and I don't know if they'll
take him or not because this year it
's true he
tried but they didn't take him Ah okay okay okay
okay I don't know why I had the
feeling that I was already involved in making
video games with these people the whole thing
because he was being a pain in the ass so I could
get him into such a big deal and  they didn't put him in and they
put me in and it
seems that someone from the
Administration or several people were closer to
the person who
asked for me to be fired than the one who put me in
maybe I
don't know the truth or to avoid bad
vibes or to avoid headlines or
something like that I don't know I know who asked for it
because the administration
[Music]
already here told me such and such And such Well such and such And
such it wasn't some person is
bothering me by md and Pin Pin so
that I get you out and in the end I don't know and in the end they
decided in the administration to
throw you out So I'll continue it's very obvious it's
very Obvious Who was there that
wanted to throw me out tell it all already Javi
No but if that was told Yes that was told
but let's see if it's more than obvious
I that for my taste I
consider that a labor movement
listen to me but but each one that goes
through a part of the city is already
Exact Exact
Yes I was a taxi driver If it had been my
turn that someone has been set up I would have
acted professionally and  I
would have dodged it
The sad thing is that maybe The
sad thing is that maybe they managed to get
me kicked out of a series that was a
failure And surely the ones I
'm in will never be on Of course,
really
[Music]
The person who kicked me out, I think had
less than 100 viewers actually
playing but
but that doesn't matter like if you have 7,000 I
mean if you don't want to cross paths with me then
don't cross paths it's that we weren't even playing I
think at the same time eh I mean like I do
n't know, that seems like a blow to me
But in the end Look at the people around those
people, they've always been contacting
the brands I work for, the brands then
came to tell me
yeah, maybe they haven't told me
exactly such and such a person contacted me
but it was clear and in a bottle you know and
well publicly the people around that
person have also posted tweets
tagging the brands and the
social networks where I work so that they
kick me out anyway for me that's
trying to get you fired from a job or
trying to get you out I'm telling you to sink
in a job man man man man
Man you
resign  to do your gossip live
let's make another type of content
Even if I lose money and then they fire you like
that because of people it's not like
you're trying to trip
me up at work with something
Latin it affects you You know why What happens is that
we've had a problem that we've
had a problem that I
criticized you and you've also done things to
me Four years ago four years ago
four years I don't think so Well
then we don't cross paths or we don't talk to each other or we
're professionals and we have a meeting we
pay for like we don't know each other like we
are the character no that's what
the role is about but of course for that you have to
be professional it's true that I
'm talking Now one thing that no For that you have to
be professional but or have a
lot of resentment I also tell you but to me
No I never never never I have
criticized them I have put the
contradictions but never never never
contacted me with a brand or I have
tagged a brand with which they
work
in the squid to you and they announce to the
other people you don't care but
they always with a rage because it is
here with us Let's see I would be surprised  I would be
very surprised because the people who
organize the squid I don't think they
want to have it there
that they live with resentment and they don't
want to see you related Why does he
get along with Auron Why does he get along
with the blonde and they are furious And you
are different
on several occasions they have thrown like they
get along with me Because Auron and such get along
with me for fear of not that I
make a video of them some voice of as
always you via destroy Auron with a
video now he sends me a tweet Auron
sends me a tweet and sends me the unemployment if you
want
[Music]
Yes of course
No because they are what they give to understand as
that they get along with me because of fear that
I will make a video of him putting it and
as I am going to put now
that also Exactly
everyone already knows and no matter how many
new things happen or because they happen or
because they get me kicked out of the series or
whatever in the end the same people are always
portrayed and everyone already
knows what it's about and how
each person is and the history of each one
and you know little about everything then  whatever they
want to live like that sincerely I
prefer other people who evolve, who
turn the pages in life and who
evolve and grow I mean you see
for example a Cristinini or a
thousand I can give you a thousand examples a thousand
examples
you like I introduce you to her
I've said it many times
not provocative pretty
pretty to me she always seems I've
said that I've found her pretty I always
say one thing as a spectator
presenting events she
prepares more to evolve
more and all that stuff and then all this
YouTube gossip Yeah man She has the same
numbers as me in gossip TV
but it doesn't matter we're the same I mean
they're people who have more followers
because they've been around longer because
for example as a spectator a guy like I'm
not going to talk much about it because
Then I don't believe it anymore I don't believe it's going to be
very good vibes let's see Juan I don't
have anything in fact I ran into him at
Squid Game last time and we didn't
talk well and he said Javi
Don't do it and he said I don't remember that it
was later but in a good way and
the truth is that I know this happened  a
couple of weeks ago and obviously I
can't let it go and Pablo Franco is
managing
but of course he likes him let's
see there have been things that I haven't
liked about him there were things that I haven't found
difficult about him and I have criticized him But
I'm always a little bit of a
pain and but I think his girlfriend is
a delight and
very nice and I don't I mean I would never say let's see
if I would criticize him if he does something that I would
like to criticize but it's not the
case of a person that I dislike
this too
[Music]
because I haven't done anything he's
famous when I started on YouTube and
right now I'm hooked
Ah well there are times that yes there are times that no I don't
dislike him either I don't dislike him very much like
no there are times that I like him there are times that I don't like him there
are times that I
agree there are times that I don't like you
know I don't have a bad relationship with him let's
go in the squid game I was with
him he was my team we were the team yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
we get naked
let's see Jordi I have to
get it I do
n't have I have nothing in  against but it does
n't end for me I don't know
not well either we spoke on the phone a
couple of times but because we spoke on the
phone a couple of times but because
Marius introduced us and I was going to
do the interview
and in the end love He never told me that he wasn't
doing the interview or anything he
was always also very nice to me
and was the most kind to me always and
so on But in the end I don't know one thing the
other and no and no such but it doesn't end up
convincing me I'm not telling you as a person I'm
telling you about the things he talks about and some
opinions and so on
as a person I don't know him with me he was
always kind of course
when he started back Save the
controversies
[Music]
Well friend or not so much a friend no or that they
want to take away my map
[Music]
Yes it's true it's true
yes yes yes yes yes yes he said it in the
interview with Jordi
[Music]
Well
my gossip partner
But you're a bastard eh
Which one I have a video from a year and a
half two years ago
Yeah
and I would love to have it And what's more I would
like to have a coffee
Catalonia but man I mean in the end a
woman kills  his son with his fists
with those thumbnails and those very
misleading titles I mean not misleading but very
strong Yeah sometimes the strata doesn't
have Maybe extract then I'm not
going to go to the mess that I have left here
for an hour But I'll take your word
for that session eh
but 50 doesn't have to be you have to
we said 71,000
man let's wait let's wait it has to
be 71,000 kids you
all have to subscribe to charismán he's
missing 500 man 500 subscribe in a
Plin yes listen to me
structures
let's wait let's wait
[Music]
Okay churra a
hug Thanks a lot for the call Rey see you
later [ __ ]
how angry the live got cut off
man and I have to do two separate ones man
how angry the live got cut off Let's
see let's see this review that you
're pressuring me a lot to
watch it so I don't get
caught again the [ __ ] I have a friend who
likes to ride a motorcycle don't go he's
caught man I have no idea  of what
happened that crashed
Oh it doesn't come off Be
careful with the camera that goes through my
screen I don't know why it hasn't been
heard I have it
muted Maybe I have it
muted [ __ ] I get carried away talking
with charisma and we get here all hours
eh I could be talking to him for 7 hours
Jaime a kiss king and I asked him
if he had ever fallen and he
answered me yes because there are two
types of bikers those who have fallen and
those who are going to fall and why am I
telling you this you will ask yourself very
questions because when they ask
me
4,200 almost peak in the other live what a
shame man we closed it if I see
gossip I say a similar version which is
the following yes I see gossip because there are
two types of people those who see gossip
and those who are going to see it I personally
got along well with this youtuber with
Edgar but I'm going to be very
honest because you know that if not it wouldn't be
me I read it I stopped following him because he was
starting to get along with the laser
as soon as the laser was thrown at me  [ __ ] In
fact it seems to me that it was
when the whole movement of the afternoon this
of the afternoon this powerful of the afternoon
It's bad that well I'm not going to go around it
because we already fixed it but there
I said please what is it that was you
know I don't remember what he said to me he
sent me a tweet as if trying to
mediate I don't remember yes go Yes the truth is that
a disappointment honestly because
this guy followed me for a long
time I in
fact he has made banners
avatars and things no And we have reacted
his and always but I don't know I don't know I don't
remember what he said to me that I made
a decision and I say I do
n't know maybe it was stupid and
that afternoon with the heat I left him I
stopped following him I would have to see what it
was that
shocked me the content of the press Rosa who
is older than the nail on a
calendar has been and continues to be a
content that is consumed a lot let's say
the numbers speak for themselves
because it gets into the private lives of
others that's where
the debate begins I suppose that
each one sets their own limits Let's see that's
where the debate begins man shame on you [ __ ]
of  debate that mine eh
This is me This is me eh One day I have to
react Well I already have videos
relating debate But well when I
do the session with cavities of
retro gossip based welcome there we
discuss it I put that each one sets their
own limits regarding this since
the pink press sometimes Today is the day
your dark and very murky times very
dark and very murky
by Cotilla del bloque level 100 that
listens to everything And tells everything or are you
the majority of people who are not
interested in the life of Paco del quinto they are
interested in the life of the famous giving a
more specific example surely
many people in the world have
marital problems But you are
more interested in the trial of Johnny Depp and
Amber Head logical also surely
many people have had the
cosmetic operation but the one that
interests us is the nose of Dallas review And
this is like this so the idea that
a paparazzi is taking pictures of you even
when you go to the bathroom and sell them in their
magazine or television program well it
is normal that it is frowned upon and
I personally do not like
the private life of being exposed  someone without
their consent But because there is a
but what happens is that sometimes the
celebrity makes it public On purpose
And even if they don't do it on purpose, one thing
is that you don't like it being done and another
thing is that you're curious when they
do it or like maybe I don't
like it when anyone hits someone but as a
human being, many times you come across Maybe
a video on Twitter where
someone slaps someone twice and
you stop to watch it, it's not that you like it but you
see it I don't know, your body makes you
see it no, I won't know how to explain it it's
called morbid curiosity in fact it's a whole business
in which many celebrities, not all of them
obviously, participate in these gossip and
they put on a controversial spectacle
that the truth is that
I was never too interested in and I've never been a
follower of
television programs but as for YouTube gossip,
you're aware of what happened
to this YouTuber maricarmen and I confess
that at first I wasn't in favor
of there being gossip content on
YouTube Because of course since I didn't like
the one on television, I said  No man,
not on the internet, but what I said is that
there are two types of people, those who watch
gossip and those who are going to watch it because it's
true that everyone watches it,
absolutely everyone, at some point,
everyone, maybe you're not interested in
Dallas, but when it's Cristina's
and if you see it, maybe you're not interested in
Cristina's, but when it's
Alergico in Arrolla, you see it at the
beginning, very beginning, back in
2015 or so, there were already channels like, for
example, salseo youtuber. It was
completely canceled and was always bullied for no
reason, simply by mobs. Oh,
because salseo is bad because salseo is
bad and what Nacho did was
literally what he did what he does
now, he sealed it on the newscast of the
main channel, but better because he wants to be an
opinion, they were 2-minute videos and he
uploaded them. At the time of what was happening,
something happened, he had a template made that he
simply had to add a
screenshot of yours of whatever, you know,
but at the moment, boom, he simply
made videos commenting that were made
public on social networks and
later I remember that a magazine came out
called Joe more than this magazine
this magazine was promoted maurg promoted it
I think gossip youtuber also
promoted it and then this magazine It turns out
that it was linked to the play
Awards which are awards exactly
like the ones Greg is doing now
but
through a company that nobody knew who
the company was instead of through a youtuber
and well wismichulis to the awards and
linked them with this magazine which is the same
company and then everyone
joined wismichu because it was wismichu
simply or rather I can't
give any more explanation either I can't
do it like a Green over in fact of what
he did that they are called sensei And
apparently these days according to what they have told me I do
n't know if it will be true because I have not
checked it is that I would not see the
point of Why Ramón Today is the day
an effect of socialization comes together to
have something in common to talk about and
curiosity which is a
learning tool for human beings that makes us
constantly search for new information that is
why the gossip is eternal XD a kiss
Tito
has suddenly deleted videos
and people say he is the  of the play
Awards
is the play award
Well something is happening because wismichu
deleted that video
something is happening I do
n't know how many views it would have
quickly it's that I'm not going to find it no way
man it's that I'm not
going to find it no way
because I don't know what to impose on him here you know it
's in the guaiva but of course I don't know
how much I don't know but I think that I don't know if he
will have deleted that something else maybe
deleted some more
Look, Dallas was the only one
who defended that
issue of the play award that I do
n't know look at it you guys look at it
you guys okay but look at you
Dallas was the only one who defended the issue
of the playore like Well but what's
wrong with them but yeah Well let's see It was
a little more shabby because it was an award for the
craziest youtuber award for I don't know what you
know but in the end they are
doing the same thing with the
grefg awards they are categories Maybe a little
better done than the one from back
then but yes it is true that they are being
chosen by gres by fingers they are not
votes because the community Bot no they are not
he says that  the community and that
people are voting But it's not like that, it's by
finger-pointing That's
where he met Liz and the Play
Awards, it's true I remember, I
remember, well, I do
n't know
if he met her like at another event in
Madrid Well, it's not that different, there's an
award for the best Rayo of the year So the
same or for the best Jagger, no, there was also I do
n't
know, but it's just that Wismichu at
that time had a lot of influence and
everyone was kissing his ass, no, and whatever
Wismichu said was like he was very
straight-laced and it wasn't even checked or something like that, they
criticized her a lot because things are the way
gossip content on
YouTube was super, hyper, mega
frowned upon at that time, the few
YouTubers that there were with
specific gossip content insulted them and
discredited them roughly, well, the
softest qualifiers were rats,
leech, tick, vulture, etc.,
etc. But then
their videos were seen secretly and by deleting the
history, right, mate, because in the end, whether
we like it or not, for better or for worse, we're
all curious Explain to me
where  they have come out if the visits are there
the visits are there all that amount of
visits and it is no longer a secret that
YouTube is big they are aware of the
gossip is that like that or is it content that does not
affect us in our daily lives they are not
news economic or world news
They are news about the lives of people
that you surely have never met in
life July because you can be a big fan
of someone okay But you when you
get up in the morning and do your
obligations it affects you 0 the life of
so-and-so so-and-so The youtuber but it's that we are
simply curious
years have passed and currently gossip
is one of the most viewed content on
the YouTube platform and there are
more and more gossip channels that openly
no longer say with a small mouth that they are
gossip channels now they even aspire
to obtain awards currently Upload
This video the voting phases are taking place
for the slam awards that will be
held at the end of January and it caught my
attention that in the category of best
informative coverage,
channels like cell tío sur and
tartaja were nominated those are gossip channels go
Although only one fill has passed the third
phase for  fight against son Gohan I
personally if this is going to be the first time
that gossip channels aspire to an
award for content creators I
would have exhausted another one the truth Edgar and
which one would you have voted for the one I have
posted here But well in conclusion I think
that currently there is nothing wrong with
watching gossip I do not think it is right that
private things are exposed but if these are
made public because the
celebrity themselves have done it on social networks
this drawing of the other video that
we reacted to eh
or they can inform about them come on here
nobody is stupid I think because in the end it
is a type of
entertainment and information content and it is a
very different thing that you dislike or
you like that creator of
gossip content and well I am aware that there have
been quarrels between these
gossip channels for various reasons but
personally I have nothing to say
about that because my position as a
spectator is too far away to get
involved the truth I can
agree and disagree with some of their
opinions but personally they have not
done anything to me anyway my opinion
on the gossip channels is that there
is nothing wrong with watching gossip  and you all have the
right to consume it
because it is that simple you get up you
watch the video you go to bed and that's it it does not
affect you at all in your daily life Hey I don't
watch sex because it's toxic don't watch it
Oh look he would vote for me man thank
goodness thank goodness he
wants to win again that
gossip youtuber I would vote for Edgar
ergat in the links to see
oliveira take
My vote calm laser Calm down I know
you're going to react to this video it's
obvious I'll give you the context Regarding the
I would vote for Javier oliveira as a
gossip channel for reasons that I consider
objective that have nothing to do with whether
you like or dislike that person
when it comes to offering an award I
think the best thing would be to do it
objectively and in a category of
informative coverage Well I think Javi has
done his job with a long history well let's
say and yes let's see
sincerely I have it very clear or rather
but very clear in that sense and it's wrong
but I'm not going to be the one here either with
false humility not in a way obviously
the channel of  gossip but not the
gossip channel the channel that has brought you
exclusives from youtuber has been
involved in a lot of
information a thousand things Okay now if you
tell me no but it's that Tamayo is that
Tamayo has already done this work but of
course if they are mixing the two of us
then you may like one type of
content more than the other but if you talk to me
about gossip my son you can't
compare me with the others it's not
even comparable it's not
even comparable and
if you want I'll share my points
Let's see what he says it was but it's not
even comparable for
everything I've been through everything
I was involved for everything
I've put the Gamer that I've done the
battles that a thousand things a thousand things man
But what context does the laser need in
the laser he doesn't care what I tell him he
hates me because I've left him as
what he always is and he has me like a
kind of envy but I don't know it's very very
strange the other day in fact they sent me
a click that I'm not even going to pay attention to because it's
a Random or so in truth
has 100 viewers who said something
like I'm never going to give
positive news about Javi I'm only going to give
the negative news everything that's negative
about Javi that I can give it what I can
give him diffusion I'm going to do it because I
hate him because because I think he should
be off the internet and such that
directly you are a hater you know or I mean I
can give you positive news about
wismichu when there is any that there is
n't what do I do I make them up
it's just not worth it if look
simply that we are
mentioning him today it's a you're already giving him
a croquette so that he throws the month you understand me
without more without more Yes yes literally I said that
eh it's like for example Imagine that
I have several trials Well he's going to give the
trials that he loses he's not going
to talk about the ones that he wins
like that I don't know if they were the
literal words but it was something like that you know
everything that is beneficial well and if
someone comes out to defend me and goes
against that person like what happened with
Frank costs anyway a hater
a literal hater but apart from a person
who let's see me  gives his gives me
niece I know that for him I am like I
have that importance not for him to
say that but for me it does not have that
importance to me it is for me it is a random
For example, that format that is currently
known as debate, which in reality
are not debates they are discussions, currently it
is something super and I would say that the first
in the Spanish-speaking community was Javi, it
was me, eh, it was me, what may seem
better or worse to you the debates if you take
my debates from 2019 2020 and if you
rush me even maybe later but I do
n't know, it is true that I lost my
shape, I yelled, I insulted whatever you
want but I gave the [ __ ] spectacle,
the [ __ ] spectacle that I gave and
the hour of entertainment that
the people gave him, that cannot be taken away from me, I mean, no, it was not given, it
was not given literally, it was
me now what of course you are not going to
compare my impact with that of
Dallas
but it was me, it was me,
that famous debate from years ago between Javi and
Dallas on the Canal this is legend,
this I keep private because I
consider  that it doesn't represent
anything to me at all And it embarrasses me
every time I come across it And I ended up
removing it and putting it in private, you know,
but this is a [ __ ] spectacle I mean, I
could be [ __ ] up, not being right,
being blinded by information along with
whatever you want, but it was a [ __ ]
spectacle that everyone on the
internet knows and understands me.
Today it's a cult video in the
gossip community, wow, and after
this debate, everyone, dude, that thing about
Go up here live and we'll debate it,
come on, Javi, totally Javi is a
channel that, as I said in my video giving my opinion
on its content, it's a format that's more like
having it in the background while you're doing
your things, but it's a reference for
many gossip content creators
who are now very visible, a
reference in the sense that
everyone has taken, well, everyone, let's
see, a lot of people have taken my way of
working based on how I have
evolved, I mean, like,
I was not critical, I mean, it's been known that they would
[ __ ] on me for everything and I would criticize
everything, I would show people about anything and
even my performance was exaggerating  a
little bit and being more aggressive about the subject
no but then I left I left I started
calling attention to the subject of the
live shows that I remember that
the gossip of Franz recommended it to me because he was there
with him with that journalist I don't
remember his name No
and I got involved and I said Okay but let's see It's that
this makes me sad all these hours
that I've put in live that we've
spent a couple of hours each day or
whatever and all that content is lost
so I think we created the format of the
Secondary Channel where the
live excerpts were uploaded
how many people today
go and do live shows and upload the
excerpts
the only one who did something similar but it wasn't quite the
same was Dross the
only one who did something similar but it wasn't quite the
same was Dross but it
wasn't the same not at all because Dross
prepared videos to record them there you
know it was different it was different
but it was when I did it I don't even know
how many people do it today if you
are able to give me several examples
of people who did it  you've done it
but as far as I know not taking away what
Drop did which was more or less
like I had like I did the
live shows and I didn't upload them anywhere
we did them in you know they earned money
there and that's it but there was a
day when I said damn I have this channel of
javer canijo that I created it to
answer people with whom I didn't want to
upload videos on the main channel
and I say damn all these topics are videos I say [ __ ] it
without thumbnails without
editing and nothing I cut it and it's like
uploading things there you know so they don't get
lost because there's [ __ ] and people
liked it and people liked the
excerpts man I
don't even know how many people do that today I do
n't even know how many people create content in
String and then divide it, extract it and
upload it there are people who do it by editing it there are
people who do it okay
and another thing to keep in mind is that Javi
is one of the few youtubers who has
managed to bring the public of the
Spanish pink press of television to YouTube
if I have to mention another one who
has brought these audiences that
like things from Telecinco  and so on to
YouTube I would mention Malvert
I would mention Malvert to you
okay because then the new Lore of the
gossip press I personally and
with all due respect to
others but I think that I brought that
when I decided to upload things to Facebook
which I do from time to time no and I
broke that video that I made of Rocio
Carrasco which was very good And it got
two million views and I brought
her channel tele salseo that you see that one I'm
not really interested in And finally
before the idea that they invited a
gossip channel to Minecraft or
GTA events come on in life July and taking
all this into account if I had to
vote this Marius told me the other day
and he's not going to get mad because I
said it But Mario told me he's got balls
man he's got balls you're almost the first
every or The step so that the
gossip channels start to include it in events in
series and such and now this scam happens to you
because the event of one that
the one of one that can't see you and
the channels  of gossip except the nau the
youtuber gossip
and some more but those who are
nominated of course not those who
have copied me the most of course No they didn't have the
balls to go and say Hey
Javi man when have I opened the
way for them to put me in, for them to put us
in series or take us into account man
when they put me in
Squid Games I don't even remember why I
entered the Squid Game I
think I was chatting with Auron
on WhatsApp about some thing and I said to him what is it is
cool come on I'm going
in I don't remember how it went I think it
was talking on the phone with Auro
about some thing like that I told him but
this is already closed I don't remember how it went
and in the middle you want to come come on you
know I don't remember how it was okay I don't
remember how it was but literally the
moment they put me in the
Squid Game everyone was freaking out
at that moment the south didn't know what
event to sign up for, I mean but they started
raising their hands at super random events, I
mean suddenly A  the best thing
mikecrack said I'm going to be a
fortnite or Tetris event and you saw yourself going
south count me in I
signed up
he and several others and it was like notes signed up for
an event in your life in your life you are
interested because you haven't seen the
possibility of me inviting you to an event
the game innove formats didn't
you do them first Game Over was a title that
we used nowter and I but in a way like
any video like Game
Over you know in fact TT Gray also
has videos called Game Over I
think and
[Music]
him and I don't know with Jairo Blood
we took it as a section of the Channel but let's
see format the format there are others damn
wismichu's csi could also be
Something similar to a Game Over not the same
because it is more powerful maybe the game
over but well
to a gossip channel well I think that
objectively it would be Javi's Of course
but let's go even if it was nominated I
doubt very much that it would win an award because
gossip channels are still
quite quite stigmatized
Anyways I take the  umbrella I get
wet and I say it the slam for me they don't make
any sense because she will
tell me you How can you classify
something so subjective as the best I don't know what
in a community with millions of
content creators and well letting
people vote but of course they are not
even letting people vote
Spanish speakers in the end the best
content creator is the one that you
want to see over and over again and for that
I think that awards are not necessary the
truth
the teeth after Look you see that is
something that I do not like about the gossip the
[ __ ] sides I personally do not
marry anyone partner I watch the gossip
of whoever I want when I want And
if they are fighting they can settle it
or whatever they are adults let's say
and honestly I do not care if they are
fighting Or if this one likes pizza
with pineapple and this one does not like
chocolate thanks My friends take care of me
So side the one I have here
hanging Well that if you see salsa It's
okay but if you ride a motorcycle wear a helmet all dick
in this  video is
completely unnecessary And
seriously whitewashing that I don't like because
then I see it but to cry
the crying
[Music]
Well the video is good The truth is that
on this occasion I have missed a little
more data there no
a little more data maybe I don't know
a little more padding But well it
's good it has served me it has served me okay
okay
let's see the Turbo plan thing man but
I have to go to the bathroom oh my I have to go to the
bathroom
nothing I was telling you that there isn't
a day when there isn't a day that I
say I'm going to I'm going to try to go quickly
I'm going to try to go quickly At 4 in the
morning Jimena Thank you very much at
four in the morning we have a couple of
songs left I'll see I'm going to see two more songs
or three
and then we'll see each other family Turbo plan
has made a video for me he mentioned me in
a video I think it's only this
stratum I think it's only this part I'm going to I'm going to
see I'm going to see this part and that's it
because really look here it is
here it is with the dala like no no here
with wismichu I
don't know let's go  let's take a look and see what he
tells me come on here Welcome to
your favorite channel in Angola here
Justin Bieber commenting Today there is so much nonsense
that I really don't know
where to start first of
all the nominations have come out now the
four final nominees for each
category and of course there has been a
controversy with a lot of people saying
that it's a fake please from grefg the
scammer show the votes especially
for the streamer and rl category because there was
Well, a streamer called
Green Hey who a lot of people thought was going to be
nominated and in the end, well, no, he
's not there And then of course
obviously in the El salseo category
there is a stir because Javier Oliveira
is very pissed off because in the end it was
cel who was nominated among
the four well finalists No, I'm
pissed off because it was the one who
came out
to see, I don't know, pissed off about that king, I
'm not pissed off about that King, no,
I'm not even pissed off about
anything, I'm not even pissed off about anything let's
see, I'm  criticizing taking video
here like a churro
comes bifeto Well let's see
where it doesn't come out Not
in the category of best
news coverage I know I've said it in
many videos and that I'm very heavy but
Greg after making 15 videos
saying it or rather he continues saying it wrong the
computer coverage for Mexico
are but that says informative My God
How can you make a category and not
even know what it's called I mean the first
time well very simple there you have the
answer and it's very easy if you
have it in front of you and maybe
you don't realize the category
How can you make a category and not
know what it's called well not having done it
he is an event that he doesn't do he
hires a company called
Ah the other day we mentioned it here in a
live inaute he also brought it out in a
video I do
n't remember what the company was called
But it was a company that in fact there is this
girl from the irl that they have put you
know the contract to a company to
do it And he puts himself in the face he is the
face and maybe the producer let's say
no
that announced the categories he said it wrong
the second one I also say well that  he's been
wrong twice okay but he's been
talking about it in like 10 videos
in a row and he always says computer science
computer science I sincerely believe that he
does it to piss people off and well The
thing is that Javier Oliveira is
very angry because according to him he should have been
nominated
[Laughs]
put on your glasses and copy a
video from the screen at what moment
I'm pissed off because I say he should have been
nominated let's
see I'm not even pissed off I'm
pissing people off let's
see I should have been nominated
because I'm the most computer oriented okay
because I fixed PCs when I was little we've
gone from Javi you are a judge to Javier
is a computer oriented but he totally doesn't
get it the turbo straw well don't be
disrespectful okay as long as he doesn't do it
but it's literally not because I
think he should be nominated
literally here there has been a
scam in which I was among the
10 nominees
and he pulled it off because he was tough we are
publicly denouncing because it's a
scam but no that that's 800 more things or  I
mean, literally the category
of the song, no,
the best song, no, that's a [ __ ]
spectacle, those that people put up who
hadn't even voted, who
weren't even voted for and pay
attention because he says that he even made a deal
with Greg. I mean, I
already had all this from Greg, talked to him about evidence
in Miami, he confirmed it to me, let's
see the fact that the fact that
the fact that it was agreed upon. No,
obviously I don't have proof, I
can't hack Greg's phone nor
can I hack Turbo plan's phone
and see his WhatsApp conversations,
okay, that would be a real joke, but what have
we been doing here saying that there's a lamp
that we've been carrying here even though there's a
cell phone lamp since before we knew
the category existed, man, and
what a coincidence it was, and what a coincidence that when they
announced it, he took the entire
computer on vacation, I mean,
you Imagine that I take my
computer and a camera to London and I'm in the
hotel, I mean, I'm in another city in the
world and I'm in the hotel at the time
that Greg is going to be on live to
announce the nominees and, oh well, surprise
I'm the nominee and it doesn't change one
eyebrow when they announce it It
doesn't change one eyebrow when they
announce it Let's see, you can think whatever
you want Turbo plan
sincerely
I suppose the finalists for
computer coverage for Mexico are the
following
Romero the reaction of being an uncle the
reaction of being or rather and he doesn't put the
relationship of is He is zooming in on
me because you do one to me so that
Cell's reaction can't be seen Put the [ __ ]
reaction of is him
for the [ __ ] reaction is he to
be nominated
look here he is
or rather being on a trip universe thanks
friends Junior I am right now
live from León I am right now
live from León in an apartment in an
apartment I am on vacation I am on
vacation but
today was the day I didn't know friends I didn't
know Today was the day but I didn't know let's
see I have a camera microphone I have
connected precisely in the section to
these conclusions about you and the
Icelandic issue of not knowing where he works and he doesn't
understand the platform or the media
but he doesn't evolve but with
turbo plan we don't get angry anymore he's like
a puppy and that's it Nothing happens, I
mean, me while I'm not missing  respect,
I'm not the only one who disrespects him, he usually
starts insulting me and I just respond,
no, but he's like a puppy,
let's see, my son, have you done
a super investigation on this Yuki
or maybe you copied from another channel
like you usually do,
don't you think it's, don't you think it's a
coincidence that he's on vacation?
I'm not telling you to take your laptop,
I take it when I go on
vacation in the summer, I usually take it,
at the end of the year I don't take it, if I have to
record something I do it. But for
example, at the end of the summer, when I go
to Marbella in the summer, I
usually take my laptop, I do
n't know if I take cameras, not the same
webcam as the laptop, whatever, but
man, you take a laptop and you
're in the room
at the time you think he decides to go
live, it
would have caught me, for example, in
London, it would have caught me on
Offord Street or it would have caught me in the,
but imagine you're in León on
vacation seeing the city and at 6
because I think this was like  This was when
I was on the plane
from London to Seville okay And I think I
got on the plane at 6:30 because it was
delayed or so this was like 6:07 in
theafternoon
man dude if you're on vacation I
don't know At 6:00 in the afternoon You're in the
room
single without children why tell me
that I'm in the room at seven in the afternoon
Well but a single
young young people and children a couple
a personal opinion that I have no
proof I have no proof
obviously I bring the mic closer so I can be
heard better today was the day
in which it was going to be said and now the
reaction the reaction is the host
more is needed on Twitch okay man put it on
Look at
the last live let them forget the
category that has to go to
someone who has won for me
I'm not going to say anything I'm going to give it and let
God's will be it
one thing turo me tart the hypochondria
computer opening for Mexico are the
next ones
tel just uploaded a video giving me
dark circles I'm
not telling you that it was agreed with
Cell I'm telling you that it's him I'm sure he
knew  that's what I'm
telling you that's what I told you,
there he knew it, let's see, a little prepared,
if it shows, let's see if he's a person who
has no charisma, no blood, no
knowledge of what I'm telling you, at least
do it well or don't react, man, he's very
prepared, man, I really don't
know what's wrong with him, I mean, I
find it funny that later we complain
about not having better
news coverage when we say the first
stupid thing that comes to mind,
okay,
turbo
turbo,
at first it will annoy you not to get in
because you had it will annoy you not to get in,
man Turbo, you
defended agrese from the iPods,
from the iPods,
I know you've worked hard, but do
n't pay me for it, you
defended agres from those, there are
more votes, man, than this anunx Bot who
was 26 and Javi, I think he was 28, which
is how, okay, there's also little talk about it. Well,
that I had a hundred, what does that have to do with the fact
that even if I wasn't 26 or 28,
I was nominated. But also, I had
28 in one and then I had  another
twenty something in another time that said
avioliveira again and others How many
more votes in another that said telesalseo Turbo
plan Get
informed puppy Get
informed man but the thing is that even if I
have half a vote if I have won I have won
not you man that you sent your people To
vote for you and you went to that live the
same month that the voting started so that I would
catch you
that you don't give a [ __ ] about the
live shows that you've tried a lot
of neighbors a content that you like or that
you're not interested in that
you went to that live show to see if
you got into the links
and I think I had 28 which is how it's worth it
also little is said Well, that I
had 180 votes and I was tied for
sixth place with Tamayo and today is the day
Good night master I disappear
a kiss king rest and they didn't even
put me among the 10 nominees But
anyway I suppose that's another topic no
but [ __ ] it's the same topic it's a scam it
's a scam puppy
well let's see  I suppose that with turbo plan it
is not a problem because he does not make content in
String it is true the same as in outer
that it is not that you were there it is that he
was in auto too
and for some the content in
String is worth it and for others it is not other urban
I will not know what to tell you
seriously are you surprised that cell is
among the four finalists I mean it was
clear that ocelo uncle Sur was going to be
among the four finalists and then this is already the icing on the cake look at you the logic says it was clear that it was him or sur they were going to choose between the
four finalists and I wonder Turbo
plan
and I wonder does
n't it throw you off a bit that uncle Sur
was the one with the most votes by a huge
margin and now it turns out that when it comes
to voting among the 10
uncle does not appear
and it appears to be that he does not make content in
Stream of informative category it does not matter if it is
with turbo plant
maybe
if Turbo plan started to look at the
law on a page of the
data protection law he started to look at the
penal code the cake comes the subject
of the Jury to put you in context the
last phase of the voting in which
the four are  finalists in each
category are decided by 50% by the public
So we're going to have to vote
again and then the other 50 and they put
the south as the Jury no they haven't put it
blue they haven't even put it as a Jury that's
another one
ashur they haven't even put it as a Jury That
other one that's another one is
percent of the votes are made by the Jury
That the Jury has published a list that
is half no no the south they haven't put it as a
Jury the south has more audience than
some of here
What happens is that it is true that the
south has hit in the last month with this
ESLAM thing a little rise I don't know what
the annual average would be but I would say that
some who entered here I would say that
entered here
the south they haven't even put it as a sweeper they are
not going to put it from Spain and half from
Latin America watch out Just with this I mean
why On one side there are judges from Spain
and then on the other side from Latin America I
mean there are more judges from Spain than the
rest of Latin America No, what I would
do rather
the other one the turbo plan Turbo plan You have
arrived  to this conclusion you alone or have you
seen it live from someone are you
from Latin America eyes Just with this I
mean why On one side there are judges from
Spain and then on the other side from
Latin America I mean there are more judges from
Spain than from the rest of Latin America No
what I would do rather would be to choose maybe
one representative for each country
not half well anyway I don't want to
continue talking
but to leave that there are more the same one
said it yesterday no I mean Spain is a country And
latan are many countries it doesn't make sense
that you put the 50 most viewed in
Spain and the 50 most viewed of lata
because lata is not a country Spain yes
then put instead of putting the 50
of Spain if you want to treat Spain the
same as any other country denounce do not
divide Spain latan divide Spain
Colombia Mexico Peru Argentina
Why divide between Spain latam latan
is a community if it were
better at least
say Europe latam
Europe lata
But also the turbo plan does not fail it
always does these things no no no no
no He
already talks about Dallas
here it is that it is unnecessary it is an
unnecessary channel or a mess  in 2016 for some
awards that were the youtuber Awards that
a company did and even the people
who worked on those awards weren't
even paid, they were volunteers, right.
But they charged a lot of money
from the brands and of course the youtubers
would go and they didn't get paid, they simply
received an award and those who won,
well, who were the ones who organized the
event? Well, exactly the same as
with thegrefg, that is, Greg will
earn a lot of money from the
brands or everything that sponsors the event
and all the streamers sponsor the
event because they are nominated, he
embraced the idea and the
business model and what happened that year is that there
was a boycott and no youtuber went
to those awards. I remember that even
wismichu, who was very famous at that time,
made a video boycotting them. Well, these play
Awards to begin with,
but no, they are not created for that, they are created to
generate money, it
is exactly the same as Uncle
Javi Vegeta's idea, they said the same thing,
thousands of youtubers with millions of
followers behind them, sponsor my
event, pay to go out  at my event and in
return these youtubers will promote your
brand and when they hear this the brands bite
the bait they pay to appear at that event
and the organizers make a fortune
for free
you know what if someone came out it
's clear Vegeta there will
never be a video like this but if someone came out
to cancel Greg's events
just like wismichu did with the same
arguments you prove this that
someone that everyone for
example that Auron will not support them that
Auron exposed them someone that the
community respects understands me and they
have to suck their ass like happened here
man here I remember that
all the youtubers who were
invited to the event knew that it was the
same company as the magazine they
knew it before wismichu's video and they still
went to the event to be because they
felt like famous going to the event
you know and
even knowing that they didn't I don't remember
any I'm not going to say names in case I'm
wrong but I remember several who
even knowing that the events were from the
same company as the magazine were going to
go because they felt important going  to
anevent
And whitmichu had to leave when
wismichu came out to cancel them So
everyone wasn't going anymore dude they always go
to mobs and they are
some youtubers the only payment if you
want to call it that is the prize that they
have to give to the winners and that
prize well It's ridiculous Of course if it were
an Oscar damn it's bathed in gold and you say
Okay
son of a [ __ ] things sound familiar there's
something it's
falling to pieces Look at the Island it's
falling to pieces guys it was marked as breaking
a piece and many youtubers
agreed and didn't go to those awards
but nevertheless what
Dallas is saying is that now that Greg does the
same thing everyone is licking his
balls let's see I do remember that
those awards were finally held today
since it wasn't a big youtuber they
ended up giving the awards to him Well
not to youtubers who were less known
but at least the ones who went to the gala And
if I want to be a little a little weird there
were no categories like craziest youtuber
of
this they just invented those
awards weren't held Turbo plan they were
held  the previous year and that year they were
canceled the company closed and
they disappeared completely
That's not true what Turbo plan just said is
not true
and you wanted to be nominated for news coverage
and you don't have coverage here
that never happened but of course Turbo
plan makes it up maybe he's
heard it
in another video and he copies it But well of
course you start to compare it And you say
Well here there are categories like anger
of the year which is more or less the same no
then man we have to recognize that the
concept is the same not someone organizes
an event and takes Well all the
benefit and the youtubers who go there
go for free and take advantage of their
image a bit the same thing that happens with the
rewind Only of course as this time it is
organized by Greg who is a streamer not
a youtuber also who is involved in
the world well people I suppose they
trust him more because of that and of course because you
think He is very trustworthy blood is the most
trustworthy that you can put your face eh there
is never any trafficking when He is
behind something everything always complies with the
rules and perspectives to the you  You
defended him yourself from the iPods You defended him yourself
from the iPods That he sent you a
message You set it as a
pinned comment That all you needed to do was
mark it and post it here on your Setup
Greg's comment, the
awards are more recognized than if they were
done by a Random company that wants to take
advantage of the YouTubers and that
people see it as it is Of course he did
n't want to take advantage of it, let's say he wouldn't do
anything to take advantage of the YouTubers
ever but not like he goes in there to take
advantage but if these awards are
done by someone who is related to the
world of Streaming, well man it's not the
same but of course the YouTubers who
go there like it because they feel good
receiving an award even if they don't get
paid anything No, well they want to go there
because they have a good time because they want to
receive Well maybe there are some who do
n't go no because I think some
said that they weren't going to go to Mexico no, that's
also a big mess but in the end I
see it that it benefits both of them it
benefits Greg so much that a
famous YouTuber, a famous streamer, comes to his
gala Because it gives him an audience and the other way around
that he's a famous streamer He receives an
award And he also receives support from
a lot of new people and he also gains
audience thanks to that he's not saying that it
benefits both of them dude Look, I'm going to
stop watching your video dude really there's
no
real hard there's no
one dude there's not a [ __ ] time that I
report they're unnecessary videos
dude there's not a [ __ ] time that you report
something that you contribute something
it's not even worth it dude really these are
things that
are things that I don't get into dude these are things
that I don't get into dude really let's
see
Uncle Sur has been stung and fighting
with Agustín okay here from here right now I'm
going to decide if Uncle Sur
earns my follow again or not it's worth it to me his I don't give a damn his is
worth a
prize in the prize in the it's a [ __ ]
cardboard piece of crap
Okay
my follow It's the best you can have
Okay then let's see if Uncle Sur
after he's been stepped on like
when like when you drop
a napkin at McDonald's you drop it
you don't feel like bending down because
the floor is dirty and someone comes at you
behind you dropped a paper there it
will be important you dropped something there I'll
be a [ __ ] I was going to leave him lying there you're
going to duck down I mean after
treating him like that South let's see now if
Agus puts his balls together and you put him in his [ __ ]
place let's see it eh I trust I trust you have
hope
you have hope Let's see let's see
yesterday they told Javi that uncle
Shure had attacked Agustín in
reality he didn't attack him as such or it didn't
seem like it to me but he did defend himself and said that I was
n't right in what I said Compared
to chocas or other places
please or others in the group if he criticizes
Agustín a little harder because
not being part of the cool group and on the
contrary being criticized for it is
even well seen to do so in the Vegeta thing he agreed with him
on everything and didn't
agree with almost anything Agustín is
right in what Agustín says but it's not
like he tells him anything about biff or
past things Let's see let's see
How long does this last 6  minutes come on
whoever is permanent I don't want to see them in
the chat it's a community Let's
see let's see the face
of my while he's doing this let's
see how I could put it so that so we can see
it let's
see the face of the South
because I'm not interested in the water We
already saw yesterday and it's really a
tremendous nonsense everything that
Agustín says come on let's see guys
reacting to the Us
whoever is permanent I don't want to see them in
the chat it's a community
in fact Ana anyone who
mentions a content creator of
gossip of how I call it press
Rosa and such permanelo Please I don't
want to see them in the chat it's a
very very strange community dude of very
strange people who don't know about street or house Sorry
that very strange people who don't leave
home
basadísimo Agustín
basadísimo defend your community damn that's
your name you said
I hope
defend your community
defend your community put a picture of
you on the street
how come I don't leave the house put a picture of
you shopping or whatever you do
But anyone who mentions
both one and the other, whoever it may be,
please stay Ana if you're here
it's because I don't know, I mean I think the internet
before in 2014-2015 2016 there was no
controversy like in 2014-2015 2016 there
was no controversy, dude.
But what do you think that was, the
stone age that there was no internet or what? Of course there
were controversies and there were quite a few
but the videos of Uncle Sur in fact
Uncle Sur asked me for an interview
to promote his channel because I didn't
see this, I didn't see this, they put on an
interview so it wouldn't work obviously
because gossip at that time wasn't
awarded, I mean how it wasn't awarded
in 2016, dude, but yeah, man, it was the top. I mean,
Uncle Sur wouldn't be awarded. The
gossip was super top. I mean, expose me, damn,
put on. There were no visits on
Messi's channels, man, if each
windygirl video had half a million visits,
even talking about the windy era,
the whole roll.  [ __ ] but let's see when he has
n't sold the gossip it wasn't anything else
that a channel will not finish throwing
In fact, the first bite I had
with Uncle Sur, who has told you a
million times, was because it hurt me a
lot that he spoke badly of me when on
a topic when he has access
to interact with me and ask me about
everything, he began to misinform people
an outrage to misinform is paragus
that you don't say what he likes okay
you know when this was guys This was
when Agustín insulted all of
tortillaland when Agustín went
crazy and shat on all of tortillaland this
video
This is the ridiculous video dude for
which Agustín broke his kokoro okay to
misinform is to react to a clip of
Agustín that the greatest representative of
the words in this video are those of
Agustín 51 to
misinform is to put Agustín in the background
while I put on a face like what am I doing here
while Agustín
says a lot of weas And that is to misinform,
[ __ ], but if you have spoken almost
You've already talked about the whole extract and damn and in the
end when I was little I remember when I was
15 or 16 this kid asked
me for an interview for his channel and I
accepted it being my first interview
in my entire life because that day I liked him
and I said I'm going to help him out so that
later I'll be
very grateful man in his day he
writes But that's not Let's see this the topics
of the interview I've already said it
many times I warned many times the
topics of the interviews no I mean one
thing is that you are I am very
grateful to every person who has
given me an interview in life but that does
n't make you sign a contract of
homage for life which is what
they intend I mean I think there is a
mistake
an interview if I am grateful to you for
life man And surely I will take you
more into account than any other person
but man my son that does not make you that
I pay homage to you
face you make a mistake and it's not that
I criticize it but that uncle Sur
reacts  that surely in that deal He would
n't get involved with him or say anything to him or
anything like that,
or rather what these people want is a
courtship, let's not go, he's already proven it,
the chocas does what he did with the
parents and doesn't want them to react, Skype
I remember and I told him, hey man, would you blow up
an interview and he told me right away like that, like
a super papu and two or
three days later we did the interview And that is
absolutely true now that you think we're
going to do an interview and I'm
dedicating myself to controversy,
information gossip, call it whatever you want, you
insult everyone in tortillaland, you bring
Cristinini into the middle, you bring Auron into the
middle, your clip is viral on TikTok on
all social networks and you think that I'm
not going to talk about that subject because
five years ago you gave me an interview, well
man, the truth is, no, but still,
although it had been very well
answered before by Uncle Sur, very
well answered, the only thing there is that
I put a Mati on it is neither five years ago
nor five days ago, I
mean, this is news today and I
have to  talk is worth it there is no more so I
could generate a little money at the
expense of my image Although it will hurt it
a little he did it Then he left the
main reason why this
type of people
smell like crap to me you know what happens is that
El Chaval is never going to say that in
a live broadcast nor is he going to comment on it on
Twitter nor is he going to say anything because what does
he gain by saying Yes this kid helped me by
doing
you see do you realize
that the same thing happens with drought the
same thing happens with him with several people do you
realize that he says this he is never going to say it I just
said a minute ago that
Agustín gave me an interview it was super like I'll
give you the interview such and such I don't know
what I don't know how much no problem I
'm telling you you
know what Agustín's problem is with the
drought of all these people who have a
bad predisposition at least towards
me
is that they don't know what I say live
They say man the only one you see
are our bad things of course they
probably don't even see it or see it or
know what they say or what you have said
or anything or he passes the mouse over  or
the simple fact that he released the
video already bothers him that is very that usually happens a
lot too that is very
casual too eh so the simple
fact that you made a video about x
topic already bothers him Hey you because you
made a video without asking me it's
you see when we screw up that I'm
going to hide that he gave me an
interview that is the most
viewed interview on my channel and that is probably
one of the interviews that worked the best for me
and I'm going to hide the whole thing from you
because I'm going to hide it from you if it is an
objective fact and I thanked him at the
time and I thank him I say Hey man
thanks for the willingness to do it
so quickly to do it selflessly
and such
now it is that I neither win nor lose anything
The truth is that if I later see that you do
something that is absolutely
absurd and I want to comment on it I will
comment on it man But if I am not the
problem brother I already told him this I
also spoke with him privately I
am not your biggest problem I mean if you
make a mistake it is not that he is only going to  when
uncle Shure talks about you,
all the people who are dedicated to
information will talk about Salcedo, the controversy and
the criticism, the problem is not only the
gossip channels How bad they are, just like
sequiam How bad are the
gossip channels that talk about miseries, the
others, let's see
If you say stupid things and I am dedicated
to exposing information, to exposing what is
in some way relevant to
people, but if you publicly in front of
3,500 people have said that Vincence smells bad
and I come, I say that YouTube was
Agustín 51, exposes Vicens' fetidolor
and then there are people who have
shitty behavior and who appear more
frequently in press channels Rosa,
as you tell her, now she doesn't see it well, I
mean, first she says It's that she's not going to
say this because it's not convenient for her, now someone
tells her if she says it, Agustín. Well, if she
says it, I don't see it well, then nothing Agus, what is that,
man, what? What do you want me to
tell you? We are always, we are always the
same at the end of the day, okay, I'm
only going to say that yesterday  I
said live Agustín is
going to come out tomorrow and talk about the subject and he's
also going to cause a stir old lady I
said it yesterday what a
nonsense of yours yesterday Vegeta because he has to
suck Greg's balls But
well it seems surreal to you and today we have
seen that it is okay well let's
see the lukewarm response well let's
see a lukewarm response But
well at least he hasn't let himself be
trampled on like on other occasions well well ok I
don't know what you all thought
Javi I'm falling asleep I post a
relevant topic and a relevant youtuber
well Okay Javi I'm falling asleep I post
a relevant topic and a
relevant youtuber nothing I wanted to react to
a Quesada video which in itself is a
reaction no because it
is a video from the Secondary Channel well Better wait because I'm going to put the first ones the tweet I'm going to put them first the one that was this no I posted a tweet today or yesterday saying another scam Those are not the 50 streamers with the largest audience in 2022 these
objectively literally another scam
okay Why Well because they are not the
youtubers they are not the 50 most
viewed streamers in Spain and the  50 most
viewed streamers from lata okay to start as I've already
told you in previous excerpts it
seems completely absurd to me
discriminatory to take 50 from Spain and
50 from lata Hey if you're going to separate by
countries let it be by countries not Spain and
latan I mean latan which is today is a country
the Bot went crazy on Twitch and bans
everyone praige for the fallen
I don't know how to remove bans
I don't know how to remove bans or
anything like that I do
n't know if success is love let him fix it
or something tomorrow we'll see okay I'm
going to finish this topic and I have to
compose because I have to record the
news go to bed but come on what I
'm saying I mean latam What is one
country and Spain another I mean if you're going to
separate there between continents then put
put European and
South American is that I don't know in plan or by
countries But latan and Spain as if
Spain was something separate that latan I don't know it
seems a little strange to me not the
separation that has been made There it seems a
little strange to me put it by countries no O  put it in
total I would have put it in total
we are Spanish speakers, that is, we are
Spanish speakers, streamer and
Spanish speakers, if you get 30 that are
canned and
70 that are from Spain, then that's it, it
probably won't be like that because there are
more streamers, I have never counted them, I don't know
if this data that I am going to give you is like that
but I would say that by logic
I would say that by logic and by rule of
three more than anything there are more
Latin American streamers than Spanish, no, I mean
because we are talking about many
countries against one and also I think that
YouTube is consumed more and I think String
and Twitch I think that it is consumed more in
Latin America than in Spain today
but I am just talking about this completely
and I could be wrong okay
But well the fix is ​​not in that, that
seems the least of it to me, it seems a little
strange to me but well the least of it to me, what
seems
crazy to me is that this is not the 50 of neither
one nor the other, there are several people like
for example me or for example Sada or
for example Uncle Sur who on average
has many more viewers than these
well that  these no that some of there are
worth it or rather the
three of us would enter before others who are
there
or Dallas I don't know I don't know how many
viewers handled right now on
average okay but I know the ones that I handle
and we are here well Today we are
with 2000 a while ago we had 4000 and some odd there are
days people le Salcedo we have 5000 and some odd I do
n't know who I do
n't know I think I'm there in a in
a pretty good average
you know
in fact Juanjo in fact Diego arrabal
in fact Mike abasco in fact lots of
streamers that we know here
put in those who are from the group and
friends of the group Without further ado it's that we haven't
said it anymore I can't say it more
times and that people don't realize that I
am denouncing the scam that the
event is all the same to me that I am releasing
content that I am releasing videos like
churro because that is the issue now okay it's not that it
hurts me it doesn't hurt me or that
I am 11 years old and I am
angry because I am not nominated I would
be nominated And if I had asked
people to vote, even more so if I
had seriously started asking on
TV for SEO and asking here for people to vote
every day, well, I have more for
sure than many of those who are
there and we probably could have even
won, so I'm telling you, maybe I got
a little carried away but we
could have won. We're talking about the fact that
I have a very large community
here, plus a very large community on
telesalseo, there's
nothing more. It's what it is. It's reality, it's
an objective fact. The numbers are
there, okay, and the numbers don't
always prove you right, but in this case we're
talking about votes, so I think it would be like
that. And if I don't win, it would be between the
four of us for sure. Okay, it's not crying or anything, it's
objective, this is a scam, these
prizes are worthless. And these prizes are
Greg's content. Do you like what I'm
saying? You don't like it? Well, it is what it is,
okay, let's watch Quesada's video that he
told me to watch. Let's go to the 92
most viewed doubles. I mean, I'm not talking about
Spain anymore, or anything, that is, the 92 Spanish-speaking one. Let's
see. I'm going to ration from the beginning
because it's a six-person video.  minutes of
taking an instrumental in the eslabs and
voting and voting and rapping boys almost
alone We are almost judges of the esland And
why do I say this inside video here you have it
publication of the official account
of the esland awards the Jury
has them streamer 50 from Spain and 50 from
brass with the largest audiences in 2022
the finalists of the
foundation have been omitted as it is because the ibai would
not make much sense not that they
can vote for themselves and such the votes of the
Jury will be identified and
counted separately as long as they have
cast their vote through their
main Twitch account and of course the first thing to
me as such separating 50 from Spain and 50 from
cans seems like a mistake I think the
question was the top 100 and that's it
regardless of whether they are from top or
bottom of Africa or Asia no then
well this
surely I have a reason to
separate latan from Spain and the reason is to
include more friends with whom I have
the commitment to take them there
or to be part of it because to
take it I would not have any commitment
If they are their  prizes and he's going to pay for all
the trips for whoever he wants. He
can take Agus. He can take the other
5 from the house. He can take whoever he
wants. Okay, the point is to make him
participate in some way and maybe
the other way didn't work out and this
way he can make
more people participate in the event, become
his friends and with whom he has a commitment.
Hey, no more involved in your event today is
that I'm not nominated. What's going on, you know,
and they've put it there. Look, there, for example,
well, I'm seeing people who are
his colleagues who are not nominated in any
category. But well, thanks
to this, they go to the event and they're there at their
parties, they understand me and are
part of some way of being there,
these have not been the conclusion, a
scam, but as always,
but as with everything that
surrounds Greg, let's see. This is
Greg's content, without more content from
Greg, it's a video from Greg in which everyone
else is going to participate with him in
exchange for a trip,
the prize is not worth anything, the prize is not being
given to you by the community or  Nothing
is giving you gres because he doesn't dislike you if he didn't like you he
would have done it like this with
people's votes and you would be out there there's no
other way
and crepo will earn a good amount of money his good amount
the money it doesn't matter I don't think he
cares about the money I think he cares more about his ego or something like that counts those
elected in Spain that really Well
look if they hadn't separated by
geographical area I think he would have entered and without
separating he would also enter without separating he would
also enter there are people with an average
of 1000 there are people with an average of
1000 viewers that Sada I think is
around the average of three or four thousand
I think Quesada is even a little bit
the average higher than mine because above
all he also had a live show of 20,000
which raises his average a lot and
above all every time I see him when there are
battles And that's the saint of the
morning with 4000 viewers I wouldn't be
like he will do the average with that maybe it
goes by seasons or whatever
but I would say that if not  it's the same as
mine, not even above, I even
think it was in there because today
I think we're 102, ending the
year we were in 92 of the most viewed Spanish-speaking. I mean, I'm
not talking about Spain or cans anymore, I'm
talking about the world, the Spanish-speaking ones
in the world and I think we're closing
the year being in the top 100. The
thing is that since there is a fragmentation
of the choice of streamers by
geographical area, I have to comb my hair because I'm
not in the top 50 of the
most viewed Spanish, I would say I don't have that data. I
mean, if it's in, I'm sure it
's in, check it now. I don't
really have that data because it's
difficult. I would have to go one by one and
count them, say, let's see this one,
then let's see the other one, let's see this one, let's
see this one then. Well, we've been
left out, which doesn't
surprise me much either because I think it's still
early for them to take me into account
for this type of events. But well,
sooner rather than later they will take us into account,
I say, look, right now
we are in the top 100.  Spanish: Hispanic just right
now, I mean, let's see, not even
counting the top 100 Spanish-speaking people, as
such, I would have to belong to that
Jury because of course this option speaks
Spanish. But also take away Ibai Auron
and I, Juan, etc., etc., the top 100,
take away those who are nominated in
some category, those won't enter,
take away those who are not going to go, he'll
definitely enter and take away what and take away
Latan,
Quesada will definitely enter,
if he enters, what happens is that they don't
want him because he's not progressive because he's not
from the group. Because they don't like someone there, he'll
definitely enter, without calculating it, I'm
telling you. I'm trying, I'm
saying it because there are people with fewer
spectators there, nominated, not those who are
in the final phase, because you're left
out, I don't know. I accept
responsibility, there's no
problem at all. You can even put me on the Jury
for the Pau Battle in Ciudad Real, it's no problem at
all. If it were the
top 100 Spanish-speaking people, I think we would be in.
Why would we have to remove, or
rather, start counting nominees who are
already there?  in the final phase they are and I Juan ibai
auronplay reborn perchita Luzu 6 sujas 7
I think I have more than half of his
jabro don't [ __ ] with me karcher 8 Carola 9
living on the street 10 bro you tell me we
don't get in you're messing with me I
'm recording myself getting to Romero kiddy
and a clar Agustín 51 yeah it's not a fix eh
you tell me that I couldn't have
gotten in here perfectly with the numbers
that I wear Look at the latest things to
see if they are above you man like
such scan Yes Aby is on par I would say
Magic if it is above
eight it will be Paris by I think it will have
more Focus I wouldn't know how to say
right now let's see for example take
Focus as an example I don't know it's that of course the
problem the problem is that it is top 50
but even being top 50 I think I
'm there eh to get in What happens they
will say who the hell is this guy or rather this
guy who is why is he there because he
has so many subs or rather this Jambo  what he
does and they will say Ah He is the one of the battles
as always happens I am as I am the
pariah within the
freestyle community and outside of the
freestyle community because I am the one of
the battles it is like Ah the one of
the battles It is that I think I have a
higher average than many of those in Latin America
That is the question you know Well
for example Focus is the 187
Spanish speaking and really well that I would have to
enter that no it is nothing
with Focus eh neither now go and
take it and say no because they have
put it and they have not put me It's not a
problem And so surely Without giving
a little more well we will come to the
conclusion that there will be someone that
you say Well because this one is here I
suppose that they are the top 50 well this is what they have
done with the voting
too, I mean there is someone who stays
in the voting but I do not want
the voting no longer of the no longer of the
four that are now nominated but of
the 10 of the 10 already at the moment
with me there was a fix there has been with a
lot and the  of things that we
will not find out is most viewed by
Spanish speakers Well that's
1081 in the world in the last 30 days
But there are people from YouTube who brother from
YouTube brother yesterday I was the same eh
saying well there's Willy there I don't know how there will
be people from YouTube what people from
YouTube Nexus Willy Vegeta who on top of that
hasn't accepted I'm plex and that's it there's no
one else from YouTube who is more from
YouTube Dj no Dj can't vote Mario is he's
within the nomination as
if I play marbles to the streamer who doesn't matter
the numbers are the numbers it doesn't
matter if you dedicate yourself to nopor that you dedicate yourself to battles well I dedicate myself to battles doing Not because of with the freestyles I want to tell you now there is also an elite apart from the freestyle elite it's because I'm from Benidorm Top 50 Spain I don't know it's that there is
no category Spain my tobacco
myco Diego arrabal
surely Well I say arrabal it's that it
is in the in the last month I think I don't know
if two months but especially in the
last month when the average has risen
strongly okay but  Maika
Maika
Michael
has an average of 9000
out of 9000 Maica can have the average and
in a Spanish-speaking one and I enter the
100 sector that you speak like a Peruvian Oh and it
causes me the center for which this is
nominated Ah well against all
odds juanju I wouldn't know how to say or because
the Stream has been very low and then
maybe the average is screwed up Antonio
David
Antonio David no no no
this is finger it
's not real I say papos the 208th
Spanish-speaking I mean against all odds
paponsi is the 208th Spanish-speaking
2071 in the world also rq is the 100th
Spanish-speaking and the 1081 and it's not another
scam it's worthless I mean look at
the public votes don't count the
public votes are worthless because it has
already been demonstrated that they move them they
catch this jealous woman who I don't like
this one no way they gave him an award pum pum
pum and now on top of that the  Jury are
not worth it either
because from the beginning the Jury has already been
handpicked it also doesn't matter Ah it's that
you don't rap it's true Sorry It's
true if it's that I don't rap This is going to
skid from taking an instrumental
a hug Michel Thank you very much to
all your people I hope you had a
great time on Miquel's Stream
Welcome everyone here We are already
finishing the last salsa of the night
and we also finish but my I
send you a huge hug that I owe you a
root I owe you an array that really you have
done it to me many times and I owe you
when I'm leaving here I
'm almost closing closing El Chiringuito I do
n't know that almost nobody a kiss King such in
the Teslas and vote and vote and rap here we
clearly put the 100 streamers with the
largest audiences
does not talk about followers does not talk about subs
or anything if it talked about subs What dude go
cry dude
please I need the entire comment box
go cry Dude look at top 35 Spanish speaking
subs what else  do you want it
certified The scam give it a like Comment
subscribe I
mean it's worth absolutely nothing I mean
now whoever comes to me it's not that I have
won the award for the craziest youtuber
no my son you have not won any
award because those awards are not worth it they are not
real awards they are
not real awards without more
family I'm leaving it's gotten very late
again I have to go tomorrow we'll see each other
okay tomorrow we'll probably
see each other on both channels too we'll
see each other family we'll see each other
Thank you very much everyone okay
[Music]